Here are the detailed explanations to clear up those final points of confusion.
1) Why do we need 10.0.0.1?

In a standard network, your computer has an IP address like 192.168.1.5. However, when we create Namespaces, we are creating "Private Islands" that are disconnected from your main computer's network.

    Significance: 10.0.0.1 is the address we manually assigned to the Server's end of the virtual cable. It acts as the specific "Phone Number" for the server inside its private room.

    What if we didn't write it? If you used 127.0.0.1 (localhost), the Client would try to find a server running in its own room. Since the Server is in a different namespace, the Client would find nothing and give you a "Connection Refused" error.

    The Bridge: By using 10.0.0.1, the Client knows to send data out through the virtual cable (veth_c) to reach the other end (veth_s) where the Server is listening.

2) The Bash Script and Namespaces

A Namespace is a "Virtual Partition." Imagine your Linux OS is a house; a namespace is a soundproof room you built inside that house with its own separate plumbing and wiring.

Line-by-line of setup_network.sh:

    sudo ip netns add ns_server: Creates a room named "ns_server".

    sudo ip netns add ns_client: Creates a room named "ns_client".

    sudo ip link add veth_s type veth peer name veth_c: Creates a virtual ethernet cable with two ends: veth_s (server end) and veth_c (client end).

    sudo ip link set veth_s netns ns_server: Plugs the veth_s end into the server room.

    sudo ip link set veth_c netns ns_client: Plugs the veth_c end into the client room.

    sudo ip netns exec ns_server ip addr add 10.0.0.1/24 dev veth_s: Sets the Server's IP address to 10.0.0.1.

    sudo ip netns exec ns_client ip addr add 10.0.0.2/24 dev veth_c: Sets the Client's IP address to 10.0.0.2.

    sudo ip netns exec ns_server ip link set veth_s up: "Turns on" the cable in the server room so data can flow.

3) End-to-End Data Flow & The "2.5 GB" Result
The Flow:

    Preparation: Server mallocs 8 heap boxes and fills them with data.

    The Trigger: Client connects and starts a 10-second timer.

    The Pump (Server): The Server thread enters a loop. It reads Box 1, sends it; reads Box 2, sends it... all the way to Box 8. Then it immediately restarts at Box 1.

    The Pipe (Network): The data travels through the "Virtual Cable" between the namespaces.

    The Drain (Client): The Client runs a loop as fast as possible, calling recv() to pull that data out of the pipe and into its own memory.

    The Stop: When the Client's clock hits 10 seconds, it stops calling recv() and closes the connection. The Server's send() then fails, and it stops too.

Why do we see ~2.5 GB of data?

You might think, "I only sent 4096 bytes!" But remember: the Server is sending that 4096-byte message millions of times per second.

    Speed: Modern CPUs and virtual networks are incredibly fast. They can transfer several hundred Megabytes per second.

    Duration: If your server can push data at 250 MB/s, and you run the test for 10 seconds:
    250 MB/s×10 seconds=2500 MB (or 2.5 GB)

    The Goal: The total GB received is a measure of Throughput. In Part A2 and A3 (Zero-Copy), you should notice that the "Total GB" increases because the CPU is doing less "copying" work and can therefore "pump" the data faster!